Cache system documenation (#44)
huggingface/optimum-neuron: docs/source/cache_system.mdx

Reviewer: can we put into the https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-neuron/blob/main/docs/source/guides/cache_system.mdx the file already exists same file under "guides".

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

> # Optimum Neuron Compilation Cache System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Trainium model cache
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trainium Model Cache is a remote cache for compiled Trainium models in the `neff` format. It is integrated into the `TrainiumTrainer` class to enable loading pretrained models from the cache instead of compiling them locally. This can speed up the training process by about –3x. 

The Trainium Model Cache is hosted on the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/aws-neuron/optimum-neuron-cache) and includes compiled configurations for all popular and supported pre-trained models `optimum-neuron`. 
```

> As you might have noticed while training your models on Trainium instances, Neuron cores work on models compiled to the `neff` format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It means that training requires one or multiple compilation step(s) that can take a long time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> With [`torch-neuronx`](https://github.com/aws-neuron/aws-neuron-samples/tree/master/torch-neuronx), a Neuron-compatible  version of PyTorch, the compiled files are stored in a local directory once you performed compilation, usually `/var/tmp/neuron-compile-cache`. This way you do not need to perform compilation again when you start another training with similar parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When training a Transformers or Diffusion model with vanilla [`torch-neuronx`](https://github.com/aws-neuron/aws-neuron-samples/tree/master/torch-neuronx) the model needs to be first compiled. The compiled version is stored in a local directory, usually `/var/tmp/neuron-compile-cache`. This means that every time you train a new model in a new environment, you need to recompile your models, which takes a lot of time. 
```

> We go one step further with Optimum Neuron by plugging this local cache directory to the Hugging Face Hub. During training, the [`TrainiumTrainer`] will check if compilation files are available on the Hub and download them if they are found, allowing you to save both time and cost by skipping the compilation phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created the Trainium model cache to solve this limitation by providing a public cache of precompiled available models and a private cache to create your private, secured, remote model cache.  

The Trainium model cache plugs into the local cache directory of the Hugging Face Hub. During training, the [`TrainiumTrainer`] will check if compilation files are available on the Hub and download them if they are found, allowing you to save both time and cost by skipping the compilation phase.
```

## How the caching system works

### Hash computation

Many factors can trigger compilation among which: 

> - The model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The model architecture + weights
```

- The input shapes
- The precision of the model, full-precision or bf16

> - The version of the compiler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The version of the neuronx compiler
```

- The number of Neuron cores used

> Using all these parameters, we can compute a hash, and we can then compare hashes we have locally for our training session against hashes stored on the Hugging Face Hub, and act accordingly (download or push).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These parameters are used to compute a hash. This hash is then used to compare local hashes for our training session against hashes stored on the Hugging Face Hub, and act accordingly (download or push).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to use the Trainium model cache

The Public model cache will be used when your training script uses the `TrainiumTrainer`. There are no additional changes needed. 
```

> ### Using a custom cache repo on the Hugging Face Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to use a private Trainium model cache
```

> The official repo on the Hub storing compilation files is `aws-neuron/optimum-neuron-cache`. In this repo, we (the Optimum Neuron team) push compilation files for commonly used models so that it is publicly available and free to use for everyone. But there are two limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository for the public cache is `aws-neuron/optimum-neuron-cache`. This repository includes all precompiled files for commonly used models so that it is publicly available and free to use for everyone. But there are two limitations:
```

1. You will not be able to push your own compiled files on this repo 
2. It is public and you might want to use a private repo for private models

> To alleviate that [you can create your own model repo on the Hub](https://huggingface.co/new) and set the environment variable `CUSTOM_CACHE_REPO`. For example, if you cache repo is called `michaelbenayoun/my_custom_cache_repo`, you just need to do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To alleviate that [you can create your own private cache repository](https://huggingface.co/new) and set the environment variable `CUSTOM_CACHE_REPO`. For example, if you cache repo is called `michaelbenayoun/my_custom_cache_repo`, you just need to do:
```

```bash
CUSTOM_CACHE_REPO="michaelbenayoun/my_custom_cache_repo" torchrun ...
```

or:

```bash
export CUSTOM_CACHE_REPO="michaelbenayoun/my_custom_cache_repo"
torchrun ...
```

> If you are [logged in the Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/quick-start#login) on the Trainium instance, you will then be able to fetch files both from your custom cache repo, which can be public or private, and from the official cache repo, as well as pushing your compiled files to your custom cache repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to be [logged into Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/quick-start#login) to be able to push and pull files from your private cache repository.
```

### Cache system flow

<p align="center">

>   <img alt="Cache system flow" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/optimum/documentation-images/resolve/main/neuron/cache_system_flow.jpg">

Reviewer: I put the images so far into the github repository

Reviewer: Sounds good. I ll move the other images.
